update READMEs (#217)
naturerobots/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022: README.md

    <img src="docs/imgs/plant-map-logo.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">PlantMap digital logbook</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A tool to support sustainable farming
    <br />
    <a href="https://naturerobots.github.io/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022/"><strong>Documentation»</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents

- [README](#readme)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [General](#general)
  - [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [License](#license)

## General

This project was developed in the software engineering course of the [University
of Applied Sciences Osnabrück](https://www.hs-osnabrueck.de/en/) in cooperation
with [Nature Robots](https://naturerobots.de/) and the [DFKI PBR
Osnabrück](https://www.dfki.de/web/forschung/forschungsbereiche/planbasierte-robotersteuerung).

> The goal was to create  a platform to support sustainable micro farming
> gardeners. Mirco farming focus on  the preservation and regeneration of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal was to create a platform to support sustainable micro farming
gardeners. Mirco farming focus on the preservation and regeneration of the
```

gathered by the autonomous driving robot
[Lero](https://naturerobots.de/blog/lero-robot-prototype/) and is stored in the
semantical environment representation
[SEEREP](https://github.com/agri-gaia/seerep).

## Quick Start

For running the application, we assume that you have a current version of
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and
[Docker](https://www.docker.com/). Further, Visual Studio Code **needs** to have
the **docker and the remote container extensions installed**. If you didn't
understand the requirements,  please visit the [installation
guide](https://naturerobots.github.io/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022/getting-started/installation/)
in the documentation for more detailed steps.

To get started, clone the repository and open it in Visual Studio Code:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/naturerobots/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022.git
  cd HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022
  code .
```

Next, we need to mount the current workspace into the projects docker container
to use it as a preconfigured development environment. For that, you can press
`F1` or `CTRL+SHIFT+P` and enter `Remote-Containers: Reopen Folder in Container`

> and confirm with `ENTER`. Often there is a notification in the bottom right
> corner with the same option. Now the [docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and confirm with `ENTER`. Visual Studio Code additionally shows a notification after opening the project in the bottom right corner with the same option. Now the [docker
```
